docs/PLUGIN_READY.md, before:

# 🎉 Plugin Ready for Testing!

## ✅ What's Been Set Up

### Plugin Files Installed
The plugin files have been successfully copied to your Obsidian plugins directory:
```
.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-things-project-export/
├── main.js (26KB) - Latest build with all fixes
├── manifest.json - Plugin manifest
├── styles.css - Plugin styles
└── versions.json - Version compatibility
```

### Latest Fixes Applied
- ✅ **MAJOR FIX**: Adopted working plugin's approach from [https://github.com/pwflint/obsidian-things-link](https://github.com/pwflint/obsidian-things-link)
- ✅ **Removed Authentication Token**: The working plugin proves it's not needed
- ✅ **Added x-success Callbacks**: Uses `x-success=obsidian://project-id` to get real Things 3 IDs
- ✅ **Simplified URL Structure**: Matches the working plugin's proven approach
- ✅ **Protocol Handlers**: Added handlers for Things 3 callbacks
- ✅ **Hotkeys Added**: 
  - Export Note as Project: `Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + E`
  - Export Selected Tasks: `Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + T`
  - Sync Project Status: `Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + S`

## 🧪 Ready to Test

### 1. Enable Plugin in Obsidian
1. Open Obsidian
2. Go to **Settings** → **Community Plugins**
3. Find **"Things 3 Project Export"** and toggle it **ON**

### 2. Test Export Command
1. Open a note with frontmatter and tasks (like the sample in `TESTING_GUIDE.md`)
2. Use **Command Palette** (`Cmd/Ctrl + P`) or **Hotkey** (`Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + E`)
3. Select **"Export Note as Things Project"**
4. Things 3 should open and create the project

### 3. Expected Results
- ✅ **No "parameter 'id' must be provided" errors** - Fixed by adopting working plugin's approach
- ✅ **Things 3 opens successfully** - Using proven URL scheme format
- ✅ **Project created with correct title, notes, and tags** - All metadata included in creation URL
- ✅ **Tasks added to the project (not Inbox)** - Tasks created after project ID is received
- ✅ **Tags attached to project (not as tasks)** - Modified tag extraction to exclude task lines
- ✅ **Bidirectional link added to Obsidian note** - Via x-success callback
- ✅ **Real Things 3 IDs returned** - No more placeholder IDs

## 🔄 Making Updates

When you make changes to the plugin code:

```bash
./update-plugin.sh
```

This script will:
1. Build the plugin
2. Copy updated files to Obsidian
3. Show next steps

## 🐛 If Issues Occur

1. **Check Console**: Open Developer Tools (`Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + I`) → Console tab
2. **Check Plugin Status**: Settings → Community Plugins → Things 3 Project Export
3. **Verify Things 3**: Make sure Things 3 is installed and URL scheme is enabled
4. **Test Sample Note**: Use the sample note from `TESTING_GUIDE.md`

## 📋 Test Checklist

- [ ] Plugin loads without errors
- [ ] Commands appear in Command Palette
- [ ] Hotkeys work
- [ ] Export command executes
- [ ] Things 3 opens
- [ ] Project created successfully
- [ ] Tasks added to project
- [ ] No console errors

---

**Ready to test!** 🚀

The plugin is now properly installed and should work correctly with your Things 3 setup.

Commit message:

Update documentation for .obsidian directory exclusion
- Add note about .obsidian directory not being in repository
- Update installation instructions to clarify plugin directory creation
- Document that each user needs to create their own .obsidian/plugins/ directory

docs/PLUGIN_READY.md, after:

# 🎉 Plugin Ready for Testing!

## ✅ What's Been Set Up

### Plugin Files Installed
The plugin files have been successfully copied to your Obsidian plugins directory:
```
.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-things-project-export/
├── main.js (26KB) - Latest build with all fixes
├── manifest.json - Plugin manifest
├── styles.css - Plugin styles
└── versions.json - Version compatibility
```

### Latest Fixes Applied
- ✅ **MAJOR FIX**: Adopted working plugin's approach from [https://github.com/pwflint/obsidian-things-link](https://github.com/pwflint/obsidian-things-link)
- ✅ **Removed Authentication Token**: The working plugin proves it's not needed
- ✅ **Added x-success Callbacks**: Uses `x-success=obsidian://project-id` to get real Things 3 IDs
- ✅ **Simplified URL Structure**: Matches the working plugin's proven approach
- ✅ **Protocol Handlers**: Added handlers for Things 3 callbacks
- ✅ **Hotkeys Added**: 
  - Export Note as Project: `Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + E`
  - Export Selected Tasks: `Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + T`
  - Sync Project Status: `Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + S`

## 🧪 Ready to Test

### 1. Enable Plugin in Obsidian
1. Open Obsidian
2. Go to **Settings** → **Community Plugins**
3. Find **"Things 3 Project Export"** and toggle it **ON**

### 2. Test Export Command
1. Open a note with frontmatter and tasks (like the sample in `TESTING_GUIDE.md`)
2. Use **Command Palette** (`Cmd/Ctrl + P`) or **Hotkey** (`Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + E`)
3. Select **"Export Note as Things Project"**
4. Things 3 should open and create the project

### 3. Expected Results
- ✅ **No "parameter 'id' must be provided" errors** - Fixed by adopting working plugin's approach
- ✅ **Things 3 opens successfully** - Using proven URL scheme format
- ✅ **Project created with correct title, notes, and tags** - All metadata included in creation URL
- ✅ **Tasks added to the project (not Inbox)** - Tasks created after project ID is received
- ✅ **Tags attached to project (not as tasks)** - Modified tag extraction to exclude task lines
- ✅ **Bidirectional link added to Obsidian note** - Via x-success callback
- ✅ **Real Things 3 IDs returned** - No more placeholder IDs

## 🔄 Making Updates

When you make changes to the plugin code:

```bash
./update-plugin.sh
```

This script will:
1. Build the plugin
2. Copy updated files to Obsidian
3. Show next steps

## 🐛 If Issues Occur

1. **Check Console**: Open Developer Tools (`Cmd/Ctrl + Shift + I`) → Console tab
2. **Check Plugin Status**: Settings → Community Plugins → Things 3 Project Export
3. **Verify Things 3**: Make sure Things 3 is installed and URL scheme is enabled

## 📁 Repository Note

**Important**: The `.obsidian` directory is not included in the repository as it contains local Obsidian configuration. Each user will need to create their own `.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-things-project-export/` directory when installing the plugin.
4. **Test Sample Note**: Use the sample note from `TESTING_GUIDE.md`

## 📋 Test Checklist

- [ ] Plugin loads without errors
- [ ] Commands appear in Command Palette
- [ ] Hotkeys work
- [ ] Export command executes
- [ ] Things 3 opens
- [ ] Project created successfully
- [ ] Tasks added to project
- [ ] No console errors

---

**Ready to test!** 🚀

The plugin is now properly installed and should work correctly with your Things 3 setup.
